Fix timeout error when uploading large files (#38)
cloudlena/s3manager: README.md

- `IAM_ENDPOINT`: Endpoint for IAM role retrieving (Can be blank for AWS)
- `SSE_TYPE`: Specified server side encrpytion (defaults blank) Valid values can be `SSE`, `KMS`, `SSE-C` all others values don't enable the SSE
- `SSE_KEY`: The key needed for SSE method (only for `KMS` and `SSE-C`)

> - `TIMEOUT`: The read timout and write timout in second (default to `600` - 10 minute)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TIMEOUT`: The read and write timout in seconds (default to `600` - 10 minutes)
```
